Make all applications and samples built for thing91 dfuable (programmable using nrfConnect Programmer app) (#4621)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_thingy91.rst

       west flash

   #. The device will reset and run the programmed sample or application.

.. note::

>    When building apps for thingy91, the build system changes the signing algorithm of MCUBoot so that it uses the default RSA Keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When building apps for Thingy:91, the build system changes the signing algorithm of MCUBoot so that it uses the default RSA Keys.
```
